context, question, answer
"This desert epic about a Libyan hero who helped his nation fend off an Italian invasion in 1929. Anthony Quinn stars as Omar Mukhtar, who organizes Libyan forces to hold off the encroaching Italian troops under General Rodolfo Graziana (Oliver Reed), who are trying to gain a foothold on Libyan soil under direct orders from the Italian dictator Mussolini (Rod Steiger). With the persistence of Mukhtar, the Libyans, battling the tanks and guns of the Italian army with their Bedouin troops on horseback, managed to hold off y the Italians for twenty years, until Mukhtar was finally captured and executed.", "Who is the Italian Dictator?", "Mussolini"
"Street vendor Marcia is scraping together a living in the ghetto section of Kingston, Jamaica. Her young daughter is being hounded by a rich sugar daddy who has been supporting the family; her brother's life is being threatened by a local thug. So, when the licentious patron threatens to abandon the family, and her brother breaks down under pressure, Marcia hits bottom. She needs to escape to a haven where she can get lost in fantasy; Marcia, don in sex-me-up clothing and outrageous glamour, finds refuge in the beats of the very dance hall outside of which she normally vends.", "What is Marcia's occupation in the movie?", "street vendor"
"Waveriders focuses on the Irish roots of surfing. The film covers the life of Irish-Hawaiian surfer George Freeth and his influence in popularizing surfing[1] in California and his contributions to lifeguarding. It also follows Irish, British and American surfers Richie Fitzgerald, Gabe Davies, Kelly Slater and the Malloy Brothers. The surfers conquer enormous sixty foot waves - the biggest swell to have been ridden off the Irish Atlantic Coast.[2] Irish surfer Easkey Britton is also featured in the film and was the first female surfer to ride the "big wave", Aill na Searrach off the Cliffs of Moher in 2007.", "Where does George popularize surfing?", "California"
"Chad and Scarlet leave their old life and horrifying secrets behind in search of a fresh start. But when a near-fatal car accident leaves them stranded in the middle of nowhere, they turn to a mysterious farm couple for shelter. Chad and Scarlet soon realize that this shadowy pair is somehow linked to their past and the fate of their future is held in unforgiving hands. Together, Chad and Scarlet endure immense torture and heartbreak in an attempt to make amends for their past mistakes, but will they be able to attain salvation, or will it be too late?", "What is the name of Chad's partner?", "Scarlet"
"Albert Dehousse has grown up on heroic novels, unfortunately his life isn't quite so exciting. Albert lives in a village in Northern France with his mother, who lives in memory of her husband, who she claims died a hero in the First World War. World War Two passes the pair by, as Albert is not called up as he is the only child of a war widow, denying him of his chance to become a hero. Having married the daughter of a member of the resistance, he leaves his family and his marriage for Paris where heroes are truly celebrated.", "Where is Albert's village located?", "Northern France"
"Newly recruited from a small Pennsylvania industrial town, Fred Staples (Van Heflin) enters Ramsey & Co., a big New York corporation eager to get into his new job with the corporate team headed by owner Walter Ramsey (Everett Sloane). When he meets William Briggs (Ed Begley) ostensibly his senior companion he is impressed that he and the elder man share many similar views on how to improve production. But when his boss pointedly embarasses Briggs in a meeting Staples gets a bad feeling about why hes been brought into the company. When Briggs dies from a heart attack after one of Ramseys public beat downs Staples confronts the owner about his intentions and about the future of the company,", "How did Briggs died?", "Heart Attack"
"As part of a new rehabilitation program, eight troubled young adults are sent to serve a week of community service in a remote California state forest range called Grizzly Park. Under the supervision of the stalwart Ranger Bob, the troubled group is given an opportunity to seek redemption on their journey through the forest. While Ranger Bob seeks to provide both literal and spiritual guidance to the youngsters, an escaped serial killer with an insatiable bloodlust has also found his way into the park with every intention of disposing of anyone in his path. But he is not the only lethal hunter in these woods.", "Who is the rehabilitation program supervisor?", "Ranger Bob"
"Real-life sisters Tia and Tamera Mowry reprise their roles as recently reunited teen witches in "Twitches Too" the sequel to 2005's #1 rated TV movie among kids age 6-14, "Twitches." After discovering their magical powers, the sisters now begin to learn more about their destiny, even though they have two different agendas in mind. Bubbly and chirpy Camryn wants to embrace the royal lifestyle in the enchanting land of Coventry, while humble and studious Alex just wants to start her college life. Still, while trying to adjust to each other and their differences, a familiar enemy lurks close by and evidence surfaces that their missing father, Aron, may still be alive.", "What is a twitch?", "Teen witch"
