context, question, answer
"My wife and I went to California last spring to do some work.  I did a competition and between finding out if I won and giving the presentation, me and my team decided to go have some fun at the beach.  We got in our cars and looked up how to get to the beach on my phone.  We drove over there as the sun was setting.  We got out our swimming suits, changed into them, and got out towels to sit on.  We brought our baby to go take pictures with us on the beach.  She didn't like the water very much, but we had fun.  We sat on the towel and watched the sunset.  Sometimes we threw rocks into the ocean to get them to skip.  After the sun went down, we got our things together and began to walk to the car to start our trip home.", "Was the day sunny?", "Yes"
"This morning I made an omelet. I got out a medium-size skillet with sloping sides and put two teaspoons of butter in it. I broke four eggs into a mixing bowl. On the cutting board, I chopped two green onions and one Roma tomato. I cut two ounces of cheddar cheese into cubes. I turned on the heat under the pan to medium heat and let the butter melt, swirling it around to coat the pan. I took a whisk out of the drawer and whisked the eggs vigorously until they were light and fluffy. I poured them into the hot pan, and sprinkled the vegetables and cheese over them. When the outer edges of the eggs were firm, I took a spatula and folded the omelet in half. I let it cook until the middle was no longer runny, then slid it onto a plate to serve it.", "Who cooked the omelette?", "narrator"
"My girlfriend and I want a vacation on a nice beach with all food and drinks provided for. We are interested in going to Cabo San Lucas Mexico. We see online that the prices are fair for the plane tickets and the stay at a resort. The trip would probably take someplace during the end of the year holidays, most likely around Christmas time or Thanksgiving. We need to save up money. My girlfriend plans to keep working. I plan on doing extra work on Saturdays to save up. This will allow us to pay for the trip without having to tap into our savings account. Next, we need to make arrangements for our pets. After that, we should decide on a date and start planning our activities there. The last thing is probably to book the tickets for the flight and hotel. We can't wait to go to Mexico!", "Where did they go?", "Canada"
"I decided to wash my clothes early in the morning to save some energy when whole world is sleeping. First I washed big stuff like towels and sheets. They became dry in drier then I put them in laundry basket. I brought them in my room. Emptied it on my bed.First I picked up a towel and folded it in half then again folded it length wise. Now I folded it side wise in such a way that it made 2 folds on 2 sides, so separated them in 3 parts and folded them from 2 sides. I had some sheets. I folded it once in half, and then folded one time side wise, and again folded it side wise. After that folded it once in length wise then one more time. The left one were, small towels. Just folded them twice, once lengthwise and second sidewise. I was done.", "Did they also fold towels and linens?", "Yes"
"Today I decided to do some decorating around my apartment. I had a painting I bought at an art festival that I had not hung up on the wall yet. It is a beautiful still life painting of a bouquet of flowers in a vase. It is very colorful, with shades of purple, pink, blue, yellow, and green. At first, I thought of putting up the painting in the dining room. However, it didn't really seem to compliment the other wall art in the room. Then I thought about putting up the painting in the living room. I thought this looked much better. I chose a spot on the wall above the couch and then hammered a nail into the wall. I took the painting and hung it on this nail and adjusted the sides so that the painting looked straight. The painting looked very nice in my living room.", "how long did it take to put up?", "hours"
"I had a button on my shirt at the bottom that had fallen off when I used it.  I wanted to replace the button but first, I had to track down a button to replace it with.  I looked in my drawers and found a black button to put on my red shirt.  After that, I tracked down a needle and some thread so that I could actually put the button on my jacket.  I tied the string to the needle and put the needle through my shirt.  After it came through, I ran the needle through a hole in the button.  I put the needle through another hole and back into the shirt.  I did this many different times until the button was secure to my shirt.  I cut on the string off with scissors and tied the ends so that the button could not come loose ever again.", "What did they sew the button onto?", "pants"
"First, I decided what color, design, and size I wanted my party invitations to be. Then, I went to the party store to buy the perfect set of invitations. Then, I went home and decided when my party would be and thought Saturday would be perfect. I wrote Saturday on all the invitations along with my return address, phone number, and what the party was celebrating. I decided which of my friends I would invite and then called them to get their addresses. Then, I went to the store to buy stamps and went back home and wrote my address and my friend's address on each of the envelopes. I put the right number of stamps on and then licked the envelope flap and sealed all the envelopes. I put the envelopes in the mail box for the mailman to come pick up to send to my friends before Saturday.", "For when did they schedule the party in the invitation?", "Sunday"
"Last time I made tea, It was me and my girlfriend Katie. We were just waking up from a long night when we decided that we really wanted to have some tea instead of our usual, which is soda. So, we had two options. We could either go out and get some tea or we could make our own tea. We decided to make our own tea. The first step was to put the water in the large canister. Then, we put the tea bags in the kettle and then we mixed it together and boiled it. Then, finally after it was all boiled, we put it in the refrigerator and waited for a while before it was nice and cold. Then, we felt like we finally drink it. It as amazing and fulfilling and the process was really easy. We thoroughly enjoyed drinking our tea together.  It was amazing.", "What utensil did they use to stir the tea?", "knife"
